Read from info schema views (#88)
GoogleCloudPlatform/bigquery-antipattern-recognition: EXAMPLES.md

Note that the tool will recursively search for SQL files recurseivly in the folder that you upload.

### information_schema views -> BQ Table

> This example will check for anit pattern in the view definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to check for anti patterns in view definitions stored in INFORMATION_SCHEMA.
```
